TINY-9025: Dragging CEF element toward the bottom edge no longer causes the page to scroll up (#8151)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- New `expand` function added to `tinymce.dom.RangeUtils` to return a new range expanded around the nearest word. #TINY-9001

### Fixed

> - Dragging CEF element toward the bottom edge would cause the page to scroll up. #TINY-9025

Reviewer: Not sure that the audience knows what a CEF is? So maybe:

```suggestion
- Dragging a noneditable element toward the bottom edge would cause the page to scroll up. #TINY-9025
```
